Hey welcome welcome to another
AV testing recording. Thank you for joining me. You're welcome. We're doing a podcast and it is number. What number are we?
63 63 s not a prime number. When's our next prime number 67? So hey, how you doing?
I'm tired. Why are you tired? Well, we're partying. No
we're
Didn't get the sleep. I needed last night. I guess coffee's not working. Sorry about that. Sorry about that
So after after our recording last time
Random things to talk about after we recorded last time. I know I'm still in maybe honeymoon period
How long is honeymoon period last to a new job? When am I out of the honeymoon?
When you when you when I eat it and want to leave
No, that's way past. Yeah, that's the divorce date. Okay when you finally have your first real complaint
Huh? Okay, I'm still in the honeymoon phase
But Brent mentioned after the last episode of we'd stopped recording said he looked happier than you have in a long time forever
Even better I have to not that this is going to be a direct dig on Microsoft
But I had a doctor appointment my just physical last week
Had the big the full like seven vials of blood drawn and follow up a few weeks later
And in my doctor's words, my blood is perfect
Which is good, but the better thing is are you typo? I'm a positive
I am a plus two nice. I share some blood
Maybe
But you know, it's cool not is
For the as long as I can remember
I mean growing up and even into my 20s and 30s my blood pressure 120 over 70 like clockwork
it started drifting up as
They got older and
Seemed just like an older thing like and it was as high as like 138 over 80 I think
Which isn't like massively high but higher
They were able to decompose the blood pressure algorithm
Yeah, it's it's to me. I've always it's lowers better
Lowers better. Yes, but if if one number is lower and the other one's way through the roof, what does that mean?
I don't know. I
don't know physiologically but ones like when the
the number where you they squeeze your arm till they can't feel the pulse anymore and
The numbers are the first moment they can feel it they can detect it and then when they can't detect it anymore
Yeah, I think it's a measure of
Your pressure in your veins when your heart's beating and when it's not beating
Sure, sure, but mine have been drifting up and it been definitely in the upper 130s for the last 10 years
Last week after almost six months at Unity
Maybe coincidental. Maybe not
120 over 70 back to where I was so you found your inner calm
Well, it helps not having your manager for example call you at 9 o'clock on a Friday and question your decisions from the day
I
Too
It was interesting. So when did you go in for your physical?
The actual appointment was last Tuesday. Oh, I
For the first time in five years went for my quote-unquote annual
Physical last Friday and I don't have so I had the blood test scheduled this week
But that was fantastic
First and foremost that changed doctors this time around we have a we have Microsoft has its own little clinic
Oh, yeah, one of the clinic over in the building where I used to work in building 22 yet it and
When I was in engineering excellence, where we did neither the more I interact with those guys the better
This is the first time where I had a doctor that is
younger than me and
I actually found that to be quite cool
Because the one of the things is because they didn't use leeches on you
Yeah
In essence modern medicine the and I realized this I'm like, huh this
So I've been I've been with this the prior doctor. I don't know 20 years
Wow, and he's I
Like the fact of going to a younger doctor because they they are more up to speed
Yeah, absolutely like 10 years from now. I'll probably switch again
Maybe even more often, but yeah, that is one thing
I've heard a lot is that younger doctors one of us true from younger testers probably not
If if they taught testing in college that might be true
Right younger coders probably are gonna be better than current ones. Maybe hey speaking of testing. Yeah
Have you read the software testing article on Wikipedia? No
You want to get have a frustrating 15 minutes of your life
Sure
A peeve of mine for a while has been the software testing Wikipedia page
Oh, wait, wait, I have read that but that like you're talking about like the it is
What is software testing is poorly cited?
Full it's just written in written in the time period in which yeah highlighting techniques from the 1990
No before it was rolling. I think
I don't think Wikipedia was long and then Noah Sussman who's awesome
Went in maybe four or five maybe six months ago. It was a while back. Maybe three months
I don't know time when you're old as me time is lost
he went in and made a whole bunch of edits like a whole bunch of edits and
Made a pretty good-looking page still I would question some of his citations as reputable sources
But a pretty good start and it was
Whole scale rejected by the curator of the page
For various reasons that weren't well supported in the talk page
Very frustrating. I'm not sure why no, but why Noah didn't just blow up but I keep on reading it thinking
Okay, I'm gonna try and make some headway here, too
I'm gonna come in and help him and figure out how to make this incrementally and
It ended up being one of those problems I realized I just could not do by myself because again
it would just be my opinion versus Noah's opinion and it needed to have a
some sort of
coordinated effort among
Diverse set of opinions. So
Now what why did the curator reject it?
Too many changes at once was the big one
Okay, so we definitely have to go through and make smaller changes
I think it's going to require at some point before we get too far
I'll want to involve them in these discussions, but and
Backtracking from that a little bit what I did in on Friday last Friday
I had a few minutes
I wanted to read through the page again and see what I could do and I just gave up and I was so
in such a mood about it that I created a
Sock team to get people together to fix the software testing Wikipedia page, you know is involved in a
bunch of other people and
Inviting more and more as we go along
It's you can DM me on Twitter Alan Page and I'll send you an invitation
I think I'm all caught up there or
Contact me in any one of the other ways which a good tester should be able to figure out how to find me and
I mean my my email address is are all over the internet if you can't find my address
Maybe you should find a career that requires less investigation
Just saying I
Want to use I'm not a big fan of needing to develop consensus, but this is one of those situations
We're building some consensus and some allies on
how to go about making
The software testing article not only represent software testing better, but being an article that doesn't look
amateurish and stupid compared to the bulk of Wikipedia articles, which are
There are some trash out there, of course, but most of the least major ones are very competently done
Well cited based on reputable sources is your goal
To finally define what is software testing? No begin Wikipedia is a
Encyclopedia not a dictionary. Yeah
So no, it's not the goal. The goal is to
If someone were to want to read about software testing didn't know much about it
for them to get a
Clear idea of we can include some history as well. But what software testing is in the 21st century
Okay
Now the curator, how is that defined? Is that an employee of Wikipedia? No, I'm not actually sure
Where he came from. I don't know how that works
I have to learn how that works and get him and I'll get him involved. I'll invite him to the
The slack team I originally was gonna try and have all this conversation in the talk channel
but for each Wikipedia page has a talk page, but it
The type of discussions needs you just aren't conducive for that
So it's gonna be it's not gonna be quick
It's gonna take a while but I'm hoping with if we can get there's like 30 people
already on this in the slack group and
I hope I can just
Summer just there to lurk which is fine and we'll make pockets of progress and little pieces
But I hope we can sort of get a strategy together and how we want to do it and then start executing on those changes
I really want to use Noah's page as a model, but also I'm
As I mentioned a few times in that team already. I'm
open for other
Opinions and and strategies and and just because I started the channel. I don't get extra votes
I just want to be the one to make sure it moves forward
you should
Recommendation for you
Post this as a query on the general channel in our slack channel
because one of the things that I think is potentially interesting is there's a lot of other
podcast owners
Connected to our slack channel. Yeah, and Percy's already in but I'll definitely mention it there and I'll probably
Retweet about it. I did a blog post on Friday and I'll remind people and the words getting out. I didn't see your blood post
Well, it's there okay cool. So anyway that's going on. I don't know what else
Summer summer has been good in Seattle so far. Yeah, it doesn't feel like I've spent much time in Seattle
On the weekends with with the kiddo going off to college
and
Baseball season although baseball season ended last weekend
This is this this past weekend is the first weekend in a long time that I didn't have something both days scheduled
I didn't know what to do with myself. I
Clean the house. I cooked I cooked you just fyi random information before we get on with the show
I invited my entire team to come visit me in Seattle this this fall
And everywhere every everyone everywhere
Everyone everywhere nice, so if they all show up should be
37 people 36 people
Depends on hiring
You gonna work on an all-hands?
Deck, I think we'll do a lot of sort of open space type stuff all scheduled a few
talks
Shorter talks. I don't believe in. I don't really like hour-long talks lots of sharing
We'll do a little bit of cross-team projects a little bit of a hack. You know hack day half hack day
But lots of open space type stuff so people can
Sort of decide the topics on the fly. I'm I like that format seems to work pretty well
Yep, and it should be fun. So shall we start the show sure no no no no no
Hey before we start I'd like to mention
our
Good friends at cobit on our back this episode to sponsor this episode. Thank you cobit on
Love your product and for the testers listening out there if you're looking for a more affordable way to test a mobile app on a real device
Welcome to cobit on the complete mobile device cloud platform that gives you access to test on the latest iOS and Android devices
These are real devices also not simulated. I'm annotating as I go
But iOS and Android devices when you need them
For manual to automated testing cobit on is a simpler cost effective way to test your mobile app the way you want with no commitment
For only ten cents a minute. You can get a hundred minutes of testing time
That's just ten bucks for a hundred minutes and the best part is that your minutes never expire
By the minutes you need use them whenever you want add more when you're ready. It's that easy. That's kind of cool
Notice that the pricing change at the price
Strategy change from the last time we talked with cobit on so I'm pretty excited that there
It's much more aligned with a cloud story. Yeah, absolutely
From automatically generated activity logs to one source for your testing history cobit on gives you the tools
You need to find and fix issues faster empowering developers and businesses to get their products to market sooner
Test your mobile web and hybrid apps on all the latest devices and configurations from anywhere anytime
You can sign up for a no commitment free trial at cobit on that's k ob
Ito and cobit on comm whack a be testing and you can start testing in minutes now
Beyond the reading of the line there honestly if you are if you're making a mobile app
You have to use something like cobit on
Agree there's just no way. I was just briefly you said if you're making a mobile app
And I'm like, you know at this point in time. Why aren't you making a mobile app?
If you're making an app, why is it not a mobile app?
SQL server through a mobile version. That's not an app. Okay. What okay? All right
It's an application. It's a server application. Are we gonna spend the rest of the episode head? Yes, a mantic wars. Oh god
Checking testing go
Yeah, don't don't don't turn it off not happening
I
Like that model to kind of pay as you go for a minute try stuff out one thing they don't mention in this and I hope
This is still the case. So I'm not screwing anybody up
But one thing I liked about cobit on is the ability to add your own devices to their cloud say I'm in my office in
Copenhagen and I plug in a bunch of Android devices
You can access and run tests on those from your office in Bellevue. Do you still pay 10 cents a minute?
For the cloud service, I believe actually I don't know that I should I shouldn't have gone down that rabbit hole cuz I don't know
But I remember that feature from last time we talked about them. I really liked that idea
The other thing about cobit on is it's free when work pays for it
It's a I think it's a no-brainer investment I do too I would I if I were in this space
I don't think I would have much
struggle
Articulate the articulating the no not at all. All right, cool
Thank you cobit on and I'll put the information up on
the website when we published this podcast
We actually do have a few topics to get to 20 minutes later
I
Posted on our slack team
Yep when I was in San Francisco, I've been
Making day trips to San Francisco every once in a while it for interviews mostly my ads team is completely full now
Nice still got a few openings and analytics for if you know anybody in San Francisco
I'm looking for sort of a tech lead type person
To be well to be a technical leader for the analytics and data platform team
They had to be based in San Francisco happy based in San Francisco
That is a challenge for some
Want I'm looking for someone not necessarily a coder or a full-time coder an NS debt type person for that team to do
I didn't mean this to be a recruiting post. Yes. I have two more openings in San Francisco
I'm excited to get get a full a full team down there
other one is someone who could look at an analytics and data platform solution everything from collection to dashboard and
Sort of look at the end to end and figure out like imagine
What would I'm thinking in my head? It's like super st. E
But you have to be a little bit more technical then you'd think it you'd think when you say st
E but I don't need someone to slowly to write a bunch of code for those things for someone to
Just coordinate what's going on with that whole system and making sure that the right stuff's being done
No, I don't I want someone to look at the st. E roll
Because they're not probably won't be writing code all the time as most of our s debts do what I want someone to do is
get the whole big picture of end-to-end from collection to developer dashboard and
Make sure that we're doing the right things all the way through that
So the the industry title for what you're looking for is called a data engineer. That's what I want
Yeah, I want a data engineer
damn industry in their titles
Titles don't matter anyway. Yeah, what was I talking about? Oh, I was down there for a trip and I was
Thinking I was reflecting on a meeting I had a few days before and I was trying to teach a team how to do
Logging effectively because they were what they're playing what I call Jeopardy where they looked at what they're logging already
the answers and trying to figure out what questions they could answer and
There was a product manager in the room trying to figure out trying to answer some specific questions and a dev manager
trying to
Figure out how we could answer them without needing to add any more locking
and
We use or are using I do that all of
And honestly, I find it fun
I I found a little fun too because I feel like oh my god, I can provide value. I can provide value
I can provide value. I
Forget the author. Maybe you remember
The name of the book is how to measure any Hubbard Hubbard. He's my hero one of my heroes
Yeah, and there's a couple principles that he puts in
that I just find
inspiring
Is I guess the right word I think of it all the time and it's one of them is
You have already more data than you need. Yep
Another one that I'm gonna completely murder
which is
if you
Again, I don't even remember how he phrased it which is better than what I'm about to say
If you look at the same data or the same data
carries more
information
Then you are realizing sure
There is a there's a project that that I am working on how to speak to it
carefully
I'm about to
roll out
in Azure, I'll call it a
BFD
I'm about to roll out a game changer and I
implemented this there is one
data feed that I have
that we started with and
This data feed gets transformed into a different feed
It's not enriched within the other feed. It's just first at a feed we transform it into a different feed
then we transformed that into a different feed and
that third one into a different feed and I sit back and I go
I'll go now Hubbard was right previously of good the guy who wrote that book was right
that if you just look at the same data in a different way and
Continuously do it you end up building new knowledge into the data
I think you need a level of data maturity to be able to just even be in a position where you can discover that that is beyond
Data data aware for sure and we're sort of in that data aware point trying to get and we are now with our common
Data platform getting to a place where we can have queryable queryable results
Just at a point where we can start stretching out of data aware. So I'm really excited about that
So let me play a little game with you. Okay, your team builds dashboards and things right?
Among many other things wrong game. So how do you how do you measure?
active users on yours on your
product
Like what are switch product? I'm just trying to think of like Azure or my dashboard because one your dashboard
so I want to just it's just a this is the
our
Sample of the thought experiment I went through in this meeting that I that I posted about so what are some what are some factors?
What are the things you need to measure to know how many active users are on your site?
You can speak abstractly if you want not even about your site. How do you measure?
I took my dashboard. So I think I told you before that anytime I build a presentation stack I instrument it
So I'm not answering my question yet. So an active user
will be a
combination of
Frequency and repeatability. These are the
the two main
Criteria, okay. So how often do they when they when they use the site?
Frequency is when they use the site. How often do they use it or how long is it duration? No, think of it
So duration could be it like session analysis is often done if you want to think about it in a generic fashion
Since my most of the sites I'm building are intended to be session based. Okay fine
It'll be much more of a request response. So how many requests?
Okay, when so when they look at it, how many requests is it serving? Okay, and then repeatability
Do they come back on different days? How often do they come back? Okay, that's just two things very easy
And so my point was at this point was maybe there's some more factors to for different applications
The brief little light bulb I had was when trying to figure out what to instrument
and also knowing that we're just finally getting our queer our
Query based solution in place. We could query the back ends very easy and we had that at Microsoft with Azure analytics
No internally as Cousteau
We write a little anyone can write a little sequel ish query and get information. So I my
My little light bulb was oh you could just think of write the query
That would get you the data you want
before you even instrument anything so select, you know from all users where
Frequency is you know X and and repeatability is X and
That would give you your number of quote active users. And if those things aren't instrumented you go add the instrumentation fill that query works
Yeah, so and again, it's not the it's not the solution for how to do instrumentation
But I brought it up because there are anyone that's ever gone down this path of beginning to add
Analytics to their code. They tend to fall into the there's a there's a common anti pattern they fall into which is oh
We're doing instrumentation. I'm thinking of my time in Windows. Let's instrument everything and
Brandt what happens when you get when you instrument everything?
Number one you blow your storage stacks number two. No one uses it because I wanted you to use the term data puke. Oh
No, you you don't get data puke in this case because no one uses it
Because there's too much data that no one can ever handle it when when um
so
Xbox I
was
As best as I can tell the first
Team to do any sort of data analysis on the Xbox dashboard
So this was just before you joined Xbox team and
It was long long time ago it was so important that
We allocated a full half of a person to work on this
Wow critical yeah and
But the PM's the PM's had gone through you know typical I produce a functional spec and
I this is prior to my history, but they had learned that adding
instrumentation was a required part of the functional spec and
So PM's dutifully would add the instrumentation
devs dutifully would implement the instrumentation and
Then no one would use any of it. Yep. So when my guy joined
Or sort of working on this
Like there was just data data
Everywhere data data everywhere data and they're in far tested it he he
He spent a good two months just getting the first thing working
Just thinking about that makes my blood pressure go back up. Yeah, I'm
So here is the challenge though, and there are different schools to thought on this
There is use my method to just instrument where you need to answer your questions and nothing else and then there's everything
The argument against everything you've already given you can't figure out what to do the argument against approach like mine is
That answers your questions, but you lose and you go back to Hubbard's quote on this you may lose some
Avenues for some exploration on things you didn't know you may need to measure
Yeah, the order and I'm kind of in that camp or like measure the things that answer your questions
Plus a select few other things as long as you can do it in moderation
But you've done this more than I have what's your strategy? What's a?
How do you choose what to instrument?
so
first and foremost, let me go back because because it kind of seems to me that
We're trying to connect the dots here like you connected in the slack channel. Hey
Logging and TDD these things could probably get together and come up with something useful
query driven instrumentation QDI the other thing though that it realized that I realized that there's a
Possible connection what to do with it. I haven't closed on yet
But aren't these two models similar to sort of a generalist and a specialist I hadn't thought about that
Please elaborate. Well, so the
The instrument everything seems like you're just dumping a bunch of generalized data
But you haven't added enough
Something precision accuracy
information usefulness
right
So you don't you don't know what goal you're going after therefore?
It's gonna be a roll of a dice as to whether or not that thing goes after goal the specialist side of it though
Right if you start with the questions up front
Then it can only answer those questions
And then you're it's just a matter of time
Unless you spend a lot of time up front
Pre testing your questions like there's a good chance that you're gonna get burned by the orders of ignorance
That's exactly what I'm saying. I think they're how do you get past?
How do you find what is the right happy medium? And then the other the other actual problem on the on the question approach is
What happens when answering the question times out because a lot of the times you only need the answer once
Right, there's there's sort of repeatable what we call
operationalized
Analytics plus there's sort of ad hoc or exploratory analytics
That you don't need to to repeat
So on the logging thing of the share
From my experience is really you want to go after what are the use cases?
first and foremost
I if I encourage dev to say okay if a customer comes in
Right dev you need to log
those
things that are diagnostic in nature
Log those things so that we can figure out what the problem is I
Have found that in my experience. I can take those diagnostic logs that is useful for dev to
Diagnose and then I can add
Information on top of it to make that data stream serve my purposes
now on the
Hypothesis or not the hypothesis though the
The other model I have questions that I want to answer
I actually formed up a an approach that I think
Potentially aligns with the CIRA
Stuff we serious collect inform
Recommend act. Yeah, so
We want to if we if we want to
Create a system where we're collecting informing recommending acting
How do we build that so the model that I've written up?
I
Call it hypothesis testing in a nutshell. It really
isn't hypothesis testing
But it starts off with a hypothesis
So if you go look at any sort of stats 101 you'll see that it's not hypothesis testing
There you need sort of control experiment a B
but what I tell people to do is
in a nutshell number one come up with a statement not a question a
statement that you want to prove or disprove so
You talked about users
You could say this feature change will increase
Verality by at least 15%
Yes, and actually I've taken that exact approach when doing
Experimentation or a B testing like or I've asked like for every feature
New feature we're adding that you add instrumentation to measure the business or customer value of that. Yes
so what I what but what it is important that you start off with a
Belief statement, this is what we believe to be true. Why is that more important than asking the question?
How does that work better than asking the question?
How much
How much will this improve because you can answer the question and
So if I make a statement it'll increase by 15% and it only does 12% right
Is my statements false, but maybe the maybe the experiment was successful maybe
likewise if you said I believe it's going to increase it by
15% but your question is
Does it increase it and it's an increase is 2%
You're really what the reason why I say start off with a set
statement explicitly is
So that you don't get stuck into an endless cyclical loop because it could come back and you can go
All right, 2%
now when you get that 2% someone's gonna look at that and say and judge is that good enough or not and
Whether subconsciously or consciously that's gonna wind back to their statement of belief
I get you so I'm saying write it up first. All right. Okay, go on after you have the statement
Then what you want to do is you want to enumerate if that statement were true
What actions would I take and if that statement were false what actions would I take?
So what I'm when I'm helping people to do is a model for thinking through their their data
So you have this statement of belief now you enumerate what actions would I take?
Whether or not this the statement proves true or false. So that's I like that but I think
I think it puts a good
puts a good amount of thinking on the the product manager the project manager trying to come up with those things because
If I make a statement this will increase by 15%
Mm-hmm, and I actually what happens if it's true or false
And do we pull the feature back what I mean to have to make a commitment there, right is a
difficult thing to do but it's
Maybe good to think about that before it becomes a reactionary decision
And this is why I said this is a lines with Sierra right the very last thing in Syria is act
So here it's forcing you to think through
What are the actions that you would take what are you driving towards?
Far too often with the data space what we see is a bunch of people dumping a bunch of data and then
Exploring a bunch of stuff and not
You know sort of wandering aimlessly in the data desert. All right, so I like that
Make a method of what wandering aimlessly in the data desert. Yes
Now recommend
So we have a statement that we have an enumeration of actions and
So for example my prior statement
If we add this feature, it'll increase for ality by 15%
Obviously one action we could take is no op
Right if it proves true no op another action if it proves true could be
To go
More in on this feature
Right. I mean, we're making up a feature here. Sure
It's similarly on on if it proves false, right? We could cut the feature we could do nothing we could
Investigate variants of the feature that would change now the point of the question the next phase is
Is
Now we need to enumerate the minimum number of questions necessary
to confidently
Select the correct action. Ah
Oh, okay
And that's sort of the recommendation phase because what you're what you're doing now is you're saying now from a stats point of view like
Hey, there's a 75% chance that this is the correct action
There is a
34 percent chance that this is the correct action that the percentages do not need that up to a hundred
In this case that statement reminded me of and if you haven't read how to measure anything the Hubbard book
I found it fascinating. I've actually read it twice now and there's still parts
I don't understand if he knows more about math than I do
But the idea one other idea in there is idea of building up a confidence level
Yeah, versus being a hundred percent sure anything for estimates. It's like Brent
What year was Mount Rushmore carved? Yeah, you don't know
1937 so yeah, but oh
Give me an age give me a range where you are 100% confident where it was where it was carved
You say between 1900 1980. I'm a hundred percent
You
1850 to
1950 sure and then you can and 90% you can narrow that down then they're actually online
There are versions of the confidence game. Are you trying to come up with?
Where you get better at estimating within a range of things? Yes, like and
All kinds of like things you wouldn't know without looking up
But you can come up with a range where where are you a hundred percent confident in?
Where this could happen and you can train yourself to like I don't know for sure
But I'm 100% between X and X. I actually used that technique
I'm glad that you brought that up because I use that technique for for a couple of years in my last team, but I
Wasn't too happy about my last team. So I'd repressed
It appears I repressed more than I really wanted to from that
Now let me just finish off this. No, no, sir. Go let me finish so
now we enumerate
the questions that will allow us to confidently select the action and
Then the last bit I think very much aligns with what you're saying is okay
What data do we have what additional data do we need to be able to answer these questions?
It does occur to me that that kind of
implements
CIRA in some
fashion
One of the things that I like to do when it comes to almost all tooling or all models is you design it from the top
Down and you build it from the bottom up
So if you design the what I'm calling the hypothesis model is sort of the data design
Then your implementation would follow the CIRA model, which is building it from the bottom up. Yeah
Go very happy with it
Cool. I'm gonna keep that in mind might be worthwhile for me to formalize that more. Yeah, so
I'm excited that on my teams that were
Getting to this stage where we can start implementing something like this and start
using data in a more
Mature 21st century, maybe want to call it a matter like like I think where we need to go
In a team I'm gonna ask for free advice from from Brent here
in a team like mine where we are
Coming out of data aware into a higher level of data maturity
What are some other key bits of advice you would give a team in that stage? I think now is a very good time
to
So first and foremost you cannot over hit
action ability
You cannot
Make that a rallying cry too much
In along those lines right really start to introduce them to
actionable versus vanity metrics
so the first thing is they're gonna start pulling these numbers in and
The next thing you're gonna see is a bunch of new dashboards with with data puke and vanity metrics. Yep. And
guaranteed
At them on the back for for for bringing visibility where didn't exist before
But hit them hard and hit them early on
action ability. I already have smoke alarms inherently in place for
for data puke and vanity metrics
the other common thing that I see is
on
the topic of accuracy
How important is it to be accurate and I will tell you at this phase
Not at all
Not at all not at all
You want to elaborate with an example? Yeah, it's actually one of my favorite ways to torture data scientists
Because they're they are
Episode on on Brent's entire list of ways to torture data scientists
so data scientists get trained and
It's an important skill set but they're they are trained to work through
accuracy of their models now and a
Life-site model or in any AI model worth its salt accuracy is important
But when you're first starting this stuff
You're not using it for that. You're using it to provide recommendations
as well as as
What I call Pareto ordering of the actions so you can think of
The action list as as also
Another way of providing it is not selecting which action to take
but ordering
Sometimes the actions that you could take you could take multiple of them
So which one's gonna have the highest impact now data scientists they want accuracy and
But I will tell you
getting to three nines of accuracy
Or no getting to four nines from three nines is
an order of magnitude
of course amount of work, yeah, it's
As you tighten and tighten and tighten and tighten
It's each each step is another order of magnitude worth of work
No, and that makes sense if you're getting into being data driven and data centric
that
The information you get is going to guide you in the right direction
Maybe not exactly where you need to go and then as you hone in and get more mature
It's gonna take a while before you actually get that sort of pinpoint navigation you need
So in the initial phases right an actionable metric
There's really two high level classes and that's either a rate or a ratio
Okay, and these are directional
It says go in this direction go in that direction and the accuracy of the numerators and the denominators
generally
Don't matter at the beginning phases
No, that makes complete sense and the one of the things again that I use to torture the data scientists
This is all awesome. You can pretend to be the data scientists in this little skit
Hey Alan. Hey, Brett
I hear you really want to make this more accurate. I do I'm working hard on it great
It's my it's my life. Let me ask you so we already have a list
That orders the actions we're going to take. Yeah
So let me ask you this if we spend the next three months on improving the accuracy here
Is that gonna change the order? No, but I'll justify my job
Yeah, you actually won't because you'll have wasted three months when you could have been doing something useful, oh, yeah shit
Yeah, so that's actually if it doesn't change the the order now there will be so I tell them and very open
As an open discussion because I if I do expect them to say yeah, I think it would if it would
but generally when you when
When you look at the ordering, it's almost always a head tail curve
Which means the number one action?
Even with another two years of accuracy the number one action would still be the number one action
Yeah, right. So at that point in time, I'm like look it's time to move on to something else. We'll come back to this
when
Accuracy would change the order. Sure. Sure and I can see that as
That is just an increased level of maturity
Honestly, if we can get to where we're getting
some direction
from
Data. Mm-hmm. I'm pretty happy then over time that can become more precise but
Ballpark, I'm happy. I would recommend that you try out the the model and I'm talking about and get
Of course I will management thinking through what actions we would take. Yeah for sure. I
Can't emphasize this enough. You cannot
Beat the drum of action ability too much
You just simply cannot it it trumps everything
Got it. Yep. Good advice
Well, thank you. Thank you for all that shall we call it a day? Yes anything else?
Okay, everyone. I'm
Alan I think and I am Brent. We'll see you next time. Thank you